---
title: Something strange happened...
date: 2025-10-18 11:32:00 +0100
categories: 
tags:
  - thoughts
description: Orange, green, and brown.
toc: true
comments: true
media_subpath: /assets/posts/2025-10-18-thoughts/
pin: false
math: false
mermaid: false
render_with_liquid: true
published: true
---

Hiii! So this is my first write-up. It's only noon, I have a lot of time for the day... 

First of all, it's so cold here in Dublin! The weather is easy and the sun is smiling all the time, but oh, it's just cold! *rubbing my hands aggressively* Other than that, this has been a lovely city, I kind of fell in love with it after arriving only a few days ago. Let me tell you what I see right now just looking out the window.

Trees, lots of it :) Among them, a big tree rises above all, its branches spanning high and wide, like a hat. These trees are all adorned in orange leaves, with green spots here and there, waving with the gentle wind. The white, gray-ish sky shines behind the branches, leaving small, white lights looking through the leaves, twinkling as the leaves move. Whenever the wind comes, these trees wave joyfully, almost as if these were bells, then you would hear a thousand bells sing. But most of the time, they would stand very still, just a quiet and soothing view for those (like me!) looking out the window.

But once you step outside, oh don't even get me started. How can these people go around in one layer of sleeveless jacket? Are their skins made of wool or steel? I've been having a runny nose these days, and let me tell you, I wear 2 layers of clothes, a big, chunky feather jacket, pairs of gloves and socks, and a scarf, essentially the full set whenever I go out. And it's still cold! Oh, I fear for myself when the winter comes.

*TO BE CONTINUE :)*

{%
  include embed/video.html
  src='window_view.mp4'
  title='window view!'
  autoplay=true
  loop=true
  muted=true
%}
